content/en/week/1/zotero.md, before:

---
title: "Setting up your Zotero"
description: "Make life easier when you write"
date: 2020-01-28T00:10:51+09:00
draft: false
weight: -2
author: "Shawn Graham"
---

Zotero is a piece of software for managing your research. When it is installed, it can extract metadata from websites or pdfs (when these have metadata) and store the information in your very own library. Zotero can be connected to Word or Google Docs so that when it is time to insert a reference, you can select the reference from your library - and then get the machine to automatically format/update your bibliography against whatever citation style you use.

[A tutorial on how to get, how to install, and how to use Zotero to keep track of what you read. Right-click and open in a new window; this tutorial from the UCLA Library will also show you how to use Zotero effectively.](https://uclalibrary.github.io/slides/tutorial-zotero-intro.html)

You can [download Zotero here](https://www.zotero.org/download/). Note that you have to also install 'connectors' for your browser.

The installation instructions for Zotero are [here](https://www.zotero.org/support/installation).

Commit message:

zotero link to exit ticket

content/en/week/1/zotero.md, after:

---
title: "Setting up your Zotero"
description: "Make life easier when you write"
date: 2020-01-28T00:10:51+09:00
draft: false
weight: -2
author: "Shawn Graham"
---

Zotero is a piece of software for managing your research. When it is installed, it can extract metadata from websites or pdfs (when these have metadata) and store the information in your very own library. Zotero can be connected to Word or Google Docs so that when it is time to insert a reference, you can select the reference from your library - and then get the machine to automatically format/update your bibliography against whatever citation style you use.

**Nb** I am recommending that you install Zotero, and get in the habit of using it. As you progress through this course, add the things you read to Zotero - whether they are things that I have assigned to you or are things you encounter on your own. When you produce the final [Exit Ticket](week/6-5/instructions/) you might wish to refer back to some of what you've read; Zotero will save you time there! 

[A tutorial on how to get, how to install, and how to use Zotero to keep track of what you read. Right-click and open in a new window; this tutorial from the UCLA Library will also show you how to use Zotero effectively.](https://uclalibrary.github.io/slides/tutorial-zotero-intro.html)

You can [download Zotero here](https://www.zotero.org/download/). Note that you have to also install 'connectors' for your browser.

The installation instructions for Zotero are [here](https://www.zotero.org/support/installation).
